README.md, before:

# HORISEON

HORISEON is a website about search engine optimization.

## Installation/Viewing the Files

Download the files contained in the McNary-Homework-1 repository, either through Github or by making a clone of the repository and downloading it locally. Once downloaded, open the file index.html to view the webpage.

## Purpose

The purpose of this README is to explain how the website has been made to be more user-accessible than it was previously. 

## User Story
A marketing agency wants a codebase that follows accessiblity standards so that the site is optimized for search engines.

## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```
The content has been altered to read semantically, and the order of both the index.html as well as the style.css file has been modified to follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning.

The image and icon attributes have been amended to include alt text, and are arranged in sequential order.

The title is the name of the company. I have elected to use this title as companies like Google will have that be the title (or new tab), and the one word should be enough to inform the user about the page.

## Mock-Up

The below image demonstrates the appearance and functionality of the webpage, with the caption directly quoted from the readme for this assignment, as after seeing it I felt it didn't make sense to word it differently:
![The Horiseon webpage includes a navigation bar, a header image, and cards with text and images at the bottom of the page.](assets/images/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

## Notes

The navbar margin proved to be interesting to work with. I wanted to stay away from using a generic element like container, so I used the .navbar li selector to manipulate the margin into matching the demo.

## Contributing
I will be providing the url for the site via the github repository, and it can also be found here: https://mcnaryj.github.io/McNary-Homework-1/ however any pull requests are welcome.

Commit message:

Minor grammatical changes, added to notes section.

README.md, after:

# HORISEON

HORISEON is a website about search engine optimization.

## Installation/Viewing the Files

Download the files contained in the McNary-Homework-1 repository, either through Github or by making a clone of the repository and downloading it locally. Once downloaded, open the file index.html to view the webpage.

## Purpose

The purpose of this README is to explain how the website has been made to be more user-accessible than it was previously. 

## User Story
A marketing agency wants a codebase that follows accessiblity standards so that the site is optimized for search engines.

## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```
The content has been altered to read semantically, and the order of both the index.html as well as the style.css file has been modified to follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning.

The image and icon attributes have been amended to include alt text, and are arranged in sequential order.

The title is the name of the company. I have elected to use this title as companies like Google will have that be the title (or new tab), and the one word should be enough to inform the user about the page.

## Mock-Up

The below image demonstrates the appearance and functionality of the webpage, with the caption directly quoted from the readme for this assignment, as after seeing it I felt it didn't make sense to word it differently.
![The Horiseon webpage includes a navigation bar, a header image, and cards with text and images at the bottom of the page.](assets/images/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

## Notes

The changes made throughout the file are in green text. Most of the html changes concerned building a proper structure and getting rid of the many divs in the file. 
.CSS was a bunch of consolidating and testing to make sure the screen didn't do something crazy.

The navbar margin proved to be interesting to work with. I wanted to stay away from using a generic element like container, so I used the .navbar li selector to manipulate the margin into matching the demo.

## Contributing
I will be providing the url for the site via the github repository, and it can also be found here: https://mcnaryj.github.io/McNary-Homework-1/ however any pull requests are welcome.
